Documentation dotnet template (#48)
WCOMAB/WCOM.AzurePipelines.YamlTemplates: dotnet/README.md

# Overview

> Azure DevOps Pipelines YAML template used to Build, install, pack and publish reportgenerator tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure DevOps Pipelines YAML template used to build, test, pack, and publish .NET libraries or applications
```

Author: Fixed!
